---
layout: post
title: New Year!
---

Right, well I can’t believe I haven’t managed to write anything over Christmas and new year!  There’s a lot to cover…

December went by in a blur of getting ready for Christmas – parties, Christmas card writing, present buying and wrapping and a lot of eating and drinking. You had a great party on 21st December for your 5th birthday. All your friends came to JUMP and there were no tears and tantrums, everyone enjoyed themselves. I have to say the cake was a triumph. It was a princess cake with a real doll body. It was actually remarkably easy to do but looked fabulous. You loved it and it tasted good too. On the evening of your party we drove to Yorkshire to start our Christmas holidays and you had your actual birthday with Theo and Eddy. You all went (with me and Uncle Howard) to see the Jungle Book at the West Yorkshire Playhouse. I’m not sure how much you got from it but it was Grandma’s birthday present to you. You loved just being with the boys and it was so cute, at one point it was quite loud, Theo asked you if you were scared and then he held your hand for about 20 minutes. You were thrilled, and you should be, he wouldn't do that for anyone else!  You spent the whole time whispering in his ear. Over the course of the holiday Eddy got quite upset that you always favoured Theo and ‘had a word with you’ about it. When you didn't reply that you loved him too he was most put out. Poor little thing, you do ignore him when Theo is about.

We had a lovely Christmas in Yorkshire – it will probably be our last ever in that house as Grandma has just told me that they have sold it. They are planning to buy Auntie Charlottes house although I think Grandma might be having second thoughts….it’s a lot smaller. We saw a lot of the family (your two uncles both have new girlfriends and seem to be very happy – at last). We had a lot of time with little baby George. He really is very cute and you were a very attentive big cousin and spent a lot of time stroking his head. You had absolutely stacks of things and loved your roller skates that we (aka Santa) got you. We narrowly averted disaster on Christmas morning – I had put the roller skates under the tree as they were quite big, you started opening your stocking presents which were ‘from Santa’ and every time you opened one you would look at me and say ‘ this isn't what I ordered’… ‘I didn't order this’. In the end I had to go and look under the tree to see if Santa had brought you any skates! You put them on straight away and went outside in your pyjamas. Since then we've been up on the hoe a few times with them and you’ve got quite good. We’ll have to try a roller disco at the life centre!

You had books, PJs, games, quite a lot of nail varnish!! You were happy.

We had a really lovely week the two of us when we got back. Dad went back to work and we stayed home together. We went shopping, to the cinema with Sarah and Holly, to Jump again and one day just stayed in our pyjamas and watched films all day. I would love another week like that! Jo, Ian and Scarlett came over for New Year and we got you up for midnight but your heart wasn’t in it and you happily went back to bed about 12:30!

So, back to school now and work for me. I can’t believe it’s only the 2nd week back. You are doing some brilliant reading. You read a whole book to us the other day – about 15 pages, all by yourself. Your maths is also streets ahead of where it should be at this age. Miss O’Neill

your teacher has given us year one maths for you to do at home and you’re not finding it difficult. So, we’re really very very pleased with how you’re getting on at school. You were also picked out from your class as someone to attend a tea party with the Headmaster (Mr Nicholls) because you had such good manners. If only we could see them all the time at home too. Still, I suppose you can’t be an angel child all the time! You certainly have pushed that a bit recently with two evenings where you were a bit of a demon! You certainly have a stubborn streak, I wonder who you got that from…..? 

You are still going to ballet & jazz on Saturday mornings and having a swimming lesson on Friday nights. We’ve lots to look forward to this year. You and me are going on a girls only trip to Yorkshire in Feb and then we all have a week in Brighton at Easter. We've a long weekend in Cornwall for my birthday in May and in the summer you and I are going to Euro Disney with Sarah and Holly and then we are all going with Grandma and Gramps to Germany. You never know we may add a few things to that too. You are desperate to go back to Centre Parcs but we will have to wait and see… it’s horribly expensive in school holidays. Me and Dad have to think very carefully now too about how we use our leave – there’s only so much to go around.

We had a chat this morning me and you about what you wanted to be when you are older. I had just explained (badly) how to develop photographs after you had seen it in one of your favourite band’s pop videos. You thought you might like to do photography, and also you still want to be a car washer… but you said you would do them on different days. When I asked if you would like to be a doctor you said no, you didn't like seeing people being poorly. Fair enough. 

You are very into your music now and have a lot on your tablet. You particularly like the boy bands – One Direction and The Vamps … but you also have some girl crushes too… You seem to learn the words (or at least what they sort of sound like) quite quickly and then sing along – quite unselfconsciously until you realise we are watching you. I love it, it makes my heart melt. I cannot believe you are 5 – and a grown up 5 at that!