{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"2012-02-06-whats-jekyll.md","tooltip":"/_posts/2012-02-06-whats-jekyll.md","value":"---\nlayout: post\ntitle: What's Jekyll?\n---\n\nRight, well I can’t believe I haven’t managed to write anything over Christmas and new year! \n\nThere’s a lot to cover...\n\nDecember went by in a blur of getting ready for Christmas – parties, christmas card writing, \n\npresent buying and wrapping and a lot of eating and drinking. You had a great party on \n\n December for your 5th\n\n21st\n\ntears and tantrums, everyone enjoyed themselves. I have to say the cake was a triumph. \n\nIt was a princess cake with a real doll body. It was actually remarkably easy to do but \n\nlooked fabulous. You loved it and it tasted good too. On the evening of your party we drove \n\nto Yorkshire to start our Christmas holidays and you had your actual birthday with Theo \n\nand Eddy. You all went (with me and Uncle Howard) to see the Jungle Book at the West \n\nYorkshire Playhouse. I’m not sure how much you got from it but it was Grandma’s birthday \n\npresent to you. You loved just being with the boys and it was so cute, at one point it was \n\nquite loud, Theo asked you if you were scared and then he held your hand for about 20 \n\nminutes. You were thrilled, and you should be, he wouldn’t do that for anyone else! You \n\nspent the whole time whispering in his ear. Over the course of the holiday Eddy got quite \n\nupset that you always favoured Theo and ‘had a word with you’ about it. When you didn’t \n\nreply that you loved him too he was most put out. Poor little thing, you do ignore him when \n\nTheo is about.\n\nWe had a lovely Christmas in Yorkshire – it will probably be our last ever in that house as \n\nGrandma has just told me that they have sold it. They are planning to buy Auntie Charlottes \n\nhouse although I think Grandma might be having second thoughts....it’s a lot smaller. We \n\nsaw a lot of the family (your two uncles both have new girlfriends and seem to be very happy \n\n– at last). We had a lot of time with little baby George. He really is very cute and you were a \n\nvery attentive big cousin and spent a lot of time stroking his head. You had absolutely stacks \n\nof things and loved your roller skates that we (aka Santa) got you. We narrowly averted \n\ndisaster on Christmas morning – I had put the roller skates under the tree as they were quite \n\nbig, you started opening your stocking presents which were ‘from Santa’ and every time you \n\nopened one you would look at me and say ‘ this isn’t what I ordered’... ‘I didn’t order this’. In \n\nthe end I had to go and look under the tree to see if Santa had brought you any skates! You \n\nput them on straight away and went outside in your pyjamas. Since then we’ve been up on \n\nthe hoe a few times with them and you’ve got quite good. We’ll have to try a roller disco at \n\nthe life centre!\n\nYou had books, PJs, games, quite a lot of nail varnish!! You were happy.\n\nWe had a really lovely week the two of us when we got back. Dad went back to work and \n\nwe stayed home together. We went shopping, to the cinema with Sarah and Holly, to Jump \n\nagain and one day just stayed in our pyjamas and watched films all day. I would love another \n\nweek like that! Jo, Ian and Scarlett came over for New Year and we got you up for midnight \n\nbut your heart wasn’t in it and you happily went back to bed about 12:30!\n\nSo, back to school now and work for me. I can’t believe it’s only the 2nd\n\nare doing some brilliant reading. You read a whole book to us the other day – about 15 \n\npages, all by yourself. Your maths is also streets ahead of where it should be at this age. \n\nMiss O’Neill your teacher has given us year one maths for you to do at home and you’re \n\n birthday. All your friends came to JUMP and there were no \n\nnot finding it difficult. So, we’re really very very pleased with how you’re getting on at \n\nschool. You were also picked out from your class as someone to attend a tea party with the \n\nHeadmaster (Mr Nicholls) because you had such good manners. If only we could see them \n\nall the time at home too. Still, I suppose you can’t be an angel child all the time! You certainly \n\nhave pushed that a bit recently with two evenings where you were a bit of a demon! You \n\ncertainly have a stubborn streak, I wonder who you got that from.....? \n\nYou are still going to ballet & jazz on Saturday mornings and having a swimming lesson \n\non Friday nights. We’ve lots to look forward to this year. You and me are going on a girls \n\nonly trip to Yorkshire in Feb and then we all have a week in Brighton at Easter. We’ve a \n\nlong weekend in Cornwall for my birthday in May and in the summer you and I are going to \n\nEuro Disney with Sarah and Holly and then we are all going with Grandma and Gramps to \n\nGermany. You never know we may add a few things to that too. You are desperate to go \n\nback to Centre Parcs but we will have to wait and see... it’s horribly expensive in school \n\nholidays. Me and Dad have to think very carefully now too about how we use our leave – \n\nthere’s only so much to go around.\n\nWe had a chat this morning me and you about what you wanted to be when you are older. I \n\nhad just explained (badly) how to develop photographs after you had seen it in one of your \n\nfavourite band’s pop videos. You thought you might like to do photography, and also you still \n\nwant to be a car washer... but you said you would do them on different days. When I asked \n\nif you would like to be a doctor you said no, you didn’t like seeing people being poorly. Fair \n\nenough. \n\nYou are very into your music now and have a lot on your tablet. You particularly like the boy \n\nbands – One Direction and The Vamps ... but you also have some girl crushes too... You \n\nseem to learn the words (or at least what they sort of sound like) quite quickly and then sing \n\nalong – quite unselfconsciously until you realise we are watching you. I love it, it makes my \n\nheart melt. I cannot believe you are 5 – and a grown up 5 at that!","undoManager":{"mark":-1,"position":0,"stack":[[{"group":"doc","deltas":[{"start":{"row":5,"column":0},"end":{"row":11,"column":85},"action":"remove","lines":["[Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) is a static site generator, an open-source tool for creating simple yet powerful websites of all shapes and sizes. From [the project's readme](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/blob/master/README.markdown):","","  > Jekyll is a simple, blog aware, static site generator. It takes a template directory [...] and spits out a complete, static website suitable for serving with Apache or your favorite web server. This is also the engine behind GitHub Pages, which you can use to host your project’s page or blog right here from GitHub.","","It's an immensely useful tool and one we encourage you to use here with Hyde.","","Find out more by [visiting the project on GitHub](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll)."]},{"start":{"row":5,"column":0},"end":{"row":143,"column":66},"action":"insert","lines":["Right, well I can’t believe I haven’t managed to write anything over Christmas and new year! ","","There’s a lot to cover...","","December went by in a blur of getting ready for Christmas – parties, christmas card writing, ","","present buying and wrapping and a lot of eating and drinking. You had a great party on ",""," December for your 5th","","21st","","tears and tantrums, everyone enjoyed themselves. I have to say the cake was a triumph. ","","It was a princess cake with a real doll body. It was actually remarkably easy to do but ","","looked fabulous. You loved it and it tasted good too. On the evening of your party we drove ","","to Yorkshire to start our Christmas holidays and you had your actual birthday with Theo ","","and Eddy. You all went (with me and Uncle Howard) to see the Jungle Book at the West ","","Yorkshire Playhouse. I’m not sure how much you got from it but it was Grandma’s birthday ","","present to you. You loved just being with the boys and it was so cute, at one point it was ","","quite loud, Theo asked you if you were scared and then he held your hand for about 20 ","","minutes. You were thrilled, and you should be, he wouldn’t do that for anyone else! You ","","spent the whole time whispering in his ear. Over the course of the holiday Eddy got quite ","","upset that you always favoured Theo and ‘had a word with you’ about it. When you didn’t ","","reply that you loved him too he was most put out. Poor little thing, you do ignore him when ","","Theo is about.","","We had a lovely Christmas in Yorkshire – it will probably be our last ever in that house as ","","Grandma has just told me that they have sold it. They are planning to buy Auntie Charlottes ","","house although I think Grandma might be having second thoughts....it’s a lot smaller. We ","","saw a lot of the family (your two uncles both have new girlfriends and seem to be very happy ","","– at last). We had a lot of time with little baby George. He really is very cute and you were a ","","very attentive big cousin and spent a lot of time stroking his head. You had absolutely stacks ","","of things and loved your roller skates that we (aka Santa) got you. We narrowly averted ","","disaster on Christmas morning – I had put the roller skates under the tree as they were quite ","","big, you started opening your stocking presents which were ‘from Santa’ and every time you ","","opened one you would look at me and say ‘ this isn’t what I ordered’... ‘I didn’t order this’. In ","","the end I had to go and look under the tree to see if Santa had brought you any skates! You ","","put them on straight away and went outside in your pyjamas. Since then we’ve been up on ","","the hoe a few times with them and you’ve got quite good. We’ll have to try a roller disco at ","","the life centre!","","You had books, PJs, games, quite a lot of nail varnish!! You were happy.","","We had a really lovely week the two of us when we got back. Dad went back to work and ","","we stayed home together. We went shopping, to the cinema with Sarah and Holly, to Jump ","","again and one day just stayed in our pyjamas and watched films all day. I would love another ","","week like that! Jo, Ian and Scarlett came over for New Year and we got you up for midnight ","","but your heart wasn’t in it and you happily went back to bed about 12:30!","","So, back to school now and work for me. I can’t believe it’s only the 2nd","","are doing some brilliant reading. You read a whole book to us the other day – about 15 ","","pages, all by yourself. Your maths is also streets ahead of where it should be at this age. ","","Miss O’Neill your teacher has given us year one maths for you to do at home and you’re ",""," birthday. All your friends came to JUMP and there were no ","","not finding it difficult. So, we’re really very very pleased with how you’re getting on at ","","school. You were also picked out from your class as someone to attend a tea party with the ","","Headmaster (Mr Nicholls) because you had such good manners. If only we could see them ","","all the time at home too. Still, I suppose you can’t be an angel child all the time! You certainly ","","have pushed that a bit recently with two evenings where you were a bit of a demon! You ","","certainly have a stubborn streak, I wonder who you got that from.....? ","","You are still going to ballet & jazz on Saturday mornings and having a swimming lesson ","","on Friday nights. We’ve lots to look forward to this year. You and me are going on a girls ","","only trip to Yorkshire in Feb and then we all have a week in Brighton at Easter. We’ve a ","","long weekend in Cornwall for my birthday in May and in the summer you and I are going to ","","Euro Disney with Sarah and Holly and then we are all going with Grandma and Gramps to ","","Germany. You never know we may add a few things to that too. You are desperate to go ","","back to Centre Parcs but we will have to wait and see... it’s horribly expensive in school ","","holidays. Me and Dad have to think very carefully now too about how we use our leave – ","","there’s only so much to go around.","","We had a chat this morning me and you about what you wanted to be when you are older. I ","","had just explained (badly) how to develop photographs after you had seen it in one of your ","","favourite band’s pop videos. You thought you might like to do photography, and also you still ","","want to be a car washer... but you said you would do them on different days. When I asked ","","if you would like to be a doctor you said no, you didn’t like seeing people being poorly. Fair ","","enough. ","","You are very into your music now and have a lot on your tablet. You particularly like the boy ","","bands – One Direction and The Vamps ... but you also have some girl crushes too... You ","","seem to learn the words (or at least what they sort of sound like) quite quickly and then sing ","","along – quite unselfconsciously until you realise we are watching you. I love it, it makes my ","","heart melt. I cannot believe you are 5 – and a grown up 5 at that!"]}]}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":143,"column":66},"end":{"row":143,"column":66},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1418940375149}